Cuan: What would you say your teenage years were like?

[laughter]

SJW Hunter: uhhh I don't know at this point. What were they like? Uhm, fun. What were your teenage years like?

Kazehito: Oh man, it's a big one. Ten years. Well I had at the beginning I uh uhh the earlier more kind of uh kind of social anxiety? I had some problems with friendship, inschool like I didn't have so many friends like and I had older friends like Kenny is older and my cousin(?) is older and I was kind of living like a double life in school like I tried to pretend like fit in the group or something but uh after school with all my older friends they thought me music and underground and more like things I'm more related to now.

Cuan: Why did you decide to start touring around the place doing noise music?

SJW Hunter: Why?

Cuan: Yeah

SJW Hunter: Like on this particular tour?

Cuan: Yeah

SJW: Uhh well I met Kazahito in Newcastle where I live and uh saw him perform and then I was planning on going to Japan so I got in touch with him to arrange some gigs and then from that Kazo said that he was coming over here so I decided to play together.

Cuan: What inspired you to do noise music?

Kazehito: [unintelligible]

Cuan: Yeah, in general.

Kazehito: [unintelligible] say it again?

Cuan: What inspired you to make noise music.

Kazehito: A lot [laughter], do you mean in like in musically or uhh or like musicians uhh but not only from noise music I uh have uh some work grindcore, sort of hardcore music more band music stuff and uhh electronic music, breakcore, [unintelligible] musically but uhh hmm. Like, anything like kind of like uhh abstract pathaments(?) or abstract art.

edited interview:

Well I at the beginning I had kind of  social anxiety? I had some problems with friendship, like in school I didn't have many friends and the ones I did have were older friends like Kenny is older and my cousin is older. I was kind of living like a double life in school. Like I tried to pretend and fit in with the group or something but after school I hung with all my older friends that taught me music and underground and more like things I'm more related to now.

 I met Kazehito in Newcastle where I live and I saw him perform. I was planning on going to Japan so I got in touch with him to arrange some gigs and then from that Kazehito said that he was coming over here so we decided to play together.